README.md, before:

### Hi there 👋
Thank you for visiting my profile. My name is Jeff, and I am currently working as a QA Analyst while studying programming in my spare time. I have a strong passion for software testing, and I am planning to pursue a career as a Software Development Engineer in Test (SDET), where I can combine my skills in both software development and testing.

Qoute I love : </br>
A complex system that works is invariably found to have evolved from a simple system that worked. A complex system designed from scratch never works and cannot be patched up to make it work. You have to start over, beginning with a working simple system. - John Gall

🌱 Things I am currently working towards in 2024... </br>
- [x] [C# Basic](https://centria.github.io/basic-csharp/) </br>
- [x] ISTQB Foundation Book ( not the cert ) </br>
- [ ] [C# Players Guide](https://csharpplayersguide.com/) </br>
- [ ] Living a balance life</br>

Something I enjoy ... </br>
My favorite aspect of my work is driving process improvements. I thrive when I encounter disorganized documentation, incomplete templates, or processes that can be streamlined to enhance efficiency and simplicity. There's nothing more satisfying than transforming a complex, convoluted process into something straightforward and easy to follow, making it so simple that even a child could understand and implement it.

#### Updates
- December 20, 2024 I have finished C# Basie this morning. I want to continue with this journey and keep improving. I would do the Advance MOOC on this course, but the TMC extention does not work. I have decided to pick up [C# Players Guide](https://csharpplayersguide.com/) to continue on this path. I have a broad understanding with the C# Basic and now I want to go a little deeper to understand what I learned in that course. I have read over the website for C# Players Guide a few times and the author mentions that this book will take a person 6-8 weeks. I am going to hedge that will of course take me longer and probably more like 6 months.


<!--
**jeffsnff/jeffsnff** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Added books to read section

README.md, after:

### Hi there 👋
Thank you for visiting my profile. My name is Jeff, and I am currently working as a QA Analyst while studying programming in my spare time. I have a strong passion for software testing, and I am planning to pursue a career as a Software Development Engineer in Test (SDET), where I can combine my skills in both software development and testing.

Qoute I love : </br>
A complex system that works is invariably found to have evolved from a simple system that worked. A complex system designed from scratch never works and cannot be patched up to make it work. You have to start over, beginning with a working simple system. - John Gall

🌱 Things I am currently working towards in 2024... </br>
- [x] [C# Basic](https://centria.github.io/basic-csharp/) </br>
- [x] ISTQB Foundation Book ( not the cert ) </br>
- [ ] [C# Players Guide](https://csharpplayersguide.com/) </br>
- [ ] Living a balance life</br>

Something I enjoy ... </br>
My favorite aspect of my work is driving process improvements. I thrive when I encounter disorganized documentation, incomplete templates, or processes that can be streamlined to enhance efficiency and simplicity. There's nothing more satisfying than transforming a complex, convoluted process into something straightforward and easy to follow, making it so simple that even a child could understand and implement it.

#### Updates
- December 20, 2024 I have finished C# Basie this morning. I want to continue with this journey and keep improving. I would do the Advance MOOC on this course, but the TMC extention does not work. I have decided to pick up [C# Players Guide](https://csharpplayersguide.com/) to continue on this path. I have a broad understanding with the C# Basic and now I want to go a little deeper to understand what I learned in that course. I have read over the website for C# Players Guide a few times and the author mentions that this book will take a person 6-8 weeks. I am going to hedge that will of course take me longer and probably more like 6 months.


#### Books to Read
[ ] Blood, sweat, and pixels : the triumphant, turbulent stories behind how video games are made by Schreier, Jason
[ ] The Phoenix projec By Gene Kim, Kevin Behr, George Spafford 
[ ] The Unicorn Project by Gene Kim
[ ] Hackers & Painters by Paul Graham
[ ] Lessons Learned in Software Testing: A Context-Driven Approach 1st Edition by Cem Kaner, James Bach, Bret Pettichord
[ ] Agile Testing: A Practical Guide for Testers and Agile Teams 1st Edition by Lisa Crispin, Janet Gregory
[ ] Explore It!: Reduce Risk and Increase Confidence with Exploratory Testing 1st Edition by Elisabeth Hendrickson
[ ] The Complete Software Tester: Concepts, Skills, and Strategies for High-Quality Testing by Kristin Jackvony





<!--
**jeffsnff/jeffsnff** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
